
GOOGLEFINANCE
Fetches current or historical securities information from Google Finance.

Sample Usage
GOOGLEFINANCE("GOOG", "price", DATE(2014,1,1), DATE(2014,12,31), "DAILY")

GOOGLEFINANCE("GOOG","price",TODAY()-30,TODAY())

GOOGLEFINANCE(A2,A3)

Syntax
GOOGLEFINANCE(ticker, [attribute], [start_date], [end_date|num_days], [interval])

ticker - The ticker symbol for the security to consider.

attribute - [ OPTIONAL - "price" by default ] - The attribute to fetch about ticker from Google Finance. This is required if a date is specified.

attribute is one of the following for realtime data:

"price" - Realtime price quote, delayed by up to 20 minutes.

"priceopen" - The price as of market open.

"high" - The current day's high price.

"low" - The current day's low price.

"volume" - The current day's trading volume.

"marketcap" - The market capitalization of the stock.

"tradetime" - The time of the last trade.

"datadelay" - How far delayed the realtime data is.

"volumeavg" - The average daily trading volume.

"pe" - The price/earnings ratio.

"eps" - The earnings per share.

"high52" - The 52-week high price.

"low52" - The 52-week low price.

"change" - The price change since the previous trading day's close.

"beta" - The beta value.

"changepct" - The percentage change in price since the previous trading day's close.

"closeyest" - The previous day's closing price.

"shares" - The number of outstanding shares.

"currency" - The currency in which the security is priced. Currencies don't have trading windows, so open, low, high, and volume won't return for this argument.

attribute is one of the following for historical data:

"open" - The opening price for the specified date(s).

"close" - The closing price for the specified date(s).

"high" - The high price for the specified date(s).

"low" - The low price for the specified date(s).

"volume" - The volume for the specified date(s).

"all" - All of the above.

attribute is one of the following for mutual fund data:

"closeyest" - The previous day's closing price.

"date" - The date at which the net asset value was reported.

"returnytd" - The year-to-date return.

"netassets" - The net assets.

"change" - The change in the most recently reported net asset value and the one immediately prior.

"changepct" - The percentage change in the net asset value.

"yieldpct" - The distribution yield, the sum of the prior 12 months' income distributions (stock dividends and fixed income interest payments) and net asset value gains divided by the previous month's net asset value number.

"returnday" - One-day total return.

"return1" - One-week total return.

"return4" - Four-week total return.

"return13" - Thirteen-week total return.

"return52" - Fifty-two-week (annual) total return.

"return156" - 156-week (3-year) total return.

"return260" - 260-week (5-year) total return.

"incomedividend" - The amount of the most recent cash distribution.

"incomedividenddate" - The date of the most recent cash distribution.

"capitalgain" - The amount of the most recent capital gain distribution.

"morningstarrating" - The Morningstar "star" rating.

"expenseratio" - The fund's expense ratio.

start_date - [ OPTIONAL ] - The start date when fetching historical data.

If start_date is specified but end_date|num_days is not, only the single day's data is returned.
end_date|num_days - [ OPTIONAL ] - The end date when fetching historical data, or the number of days from start_date for which to return data.

interval - [ OPTIONAL ] - The frequency of returned data; either "DAILY" or "WEEKLY".

interval can alternatively be specified as 1 or 7. Other numeric values are disallowed.
Notes
All parameters must be enclosed in quotation marks or be references to cells containing text, except when interval is specified as a number and when end_date|num_days is specified as a number of days.

Realtime results will be returned as a value within a single cell. Historical data, even for a single day, will be returned as an expanded array with column headers.

Some attributes may not yield results for all symbols.

If any date parameters are specified, the request is considered historical and only the historical attributes are allowed.
GOOGLEFINANCE is only available in English and does not support most international exchanges.

Historical data cannot be downloaded or accessed via the Sheets API or Apps Script.  If you attempt to do so, you will see a #N/A error in place of the values in the corresponding cells of your spreadsheet.

Quotes are not sourced from all markets and may be delayed up to 20 minutes. Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice.
